update spec for parent in proposed state (#1794)
vegaprotocol/specs: protocol/0081-SUCM-successor_markets.md

A new market proposal sets parent market Id to a market that has settled. The parent market has non-zero insurance pool balance. If the new market clears the opening auction after `parent settlement time + market.liquidity.successorLaunchWindowLength` then no virtual stakes are carried over, there is no transfer into the insurance pool of the new market from the parent and the new market has no parent market Id set (<a name="0081-SUCM-007" href="#0081-SUCM-007">0081-SUCM-007</a>)

> Successor markets cannot be enacted if the parent market is still in the "proposed" state. Successor market proposals can be submitted when the parent market is still in proposed state, but the when the voting period for the successor market ends (the successor market moves from "proposed" in to opening auction/"pending" state) when the parent market is still in "proposed" state, the successor market is rejected. (<a name="0081-SUCM-008" href="#0081-SUCM-008">0081-SUCM-008</a>)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Successor markets cannot be enacted if the parent market is still in the "proposed" state. Successor market proposals can be submitted when the parent market is still in proposed state. When the voting period for the successor market ends then either: a) the parent market is already enacted in which case the successor market moves from "proposed" in to opening auction/"pending" state. Or the parent market is still in "proposed" state in which case successor market is rejected. (<a name="0081-SUCM-008" href="#0081-SUCM-008">0081-SUCM-008</a>)
```
